installpkg, removepkg: add page (#18834)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/installpkg.md

# installpkg

> Install a Slackware package.
> More information: <http://www.slackware.com/config/packages.php>.

- Install a package:

`sudo installpkg {{path/to/package.tgz}}`

> - Generate a report of a simulated installation to standard out:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate a report of a simulated installation to `stdout`:
```
https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#special-cases
